[All hosts](known issues) minor edits for known issue (#5651)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/resources/resources-office-add-in-known-issues.md

Partially identified. Engineering has confirmed two contributing factors:

> 1. A recent backend change that switched authentication from Exchange Web Services (EWS) to REST for the My Templates add-in caused access errors. The REST auth change was rolled back on March 3, 2026, producing a significant drop in errors — but full remediation has not been achieved. The subscription is present on the mailbox, but add-in information is not returned to clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A recent backend change that switched authentication from Exchange Web Services (EWS) to REST for the My Templates add-in caused access errors. The REST auth change was rolled back on March 3, 2026. This produced a significant drop in errors, but full remediation has not been achieved. The subscription is present on the mailbox, but add-in information is not returned to clients.
```
